# SystemAnalysis-DesignStudy

## Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
The client for this study was known as DriverPass. The system that they requested us to develop was a mix between an LMS like Brightspace or Canvas along with the ability to make lesson reservations.
They wanted to help people gain a better understanding of how to drive and their solution would be to have a service that is 100% online all the time that allowed for their users to practice and take tests
on correct driving practices along with the correct way to drive in accordance with the different laws and regulations. The service would constantly update alongside the DMVs rules and regulations so that the
material taught would be 100% accurate and up to date. They also had requested extra features in accordance with their employees to be able to do a few things like schedule appointments for customers, disable/enable driving packages.

## What did you do particularly well?
I excelled at my ability to create a UML Class Diagram outlining the different objects and classes the system is made of. I have had previous experience creating them, so it was not particularly difficult grasping the translation of business requirements into technical detail. However, it was a bit challenging to create the other needed diagrams needed to develop the system mostly because I had not created any of them before and needed to understand them enough to create the correct diagram. Within the UML Class Diagram it might be enough to have a solid foundation in creating the system outright because it highlights the key components within the system. Those include inheritance with a user class that derives children that of Instructor, Customer, and Admin. Then we have a package object for the different packages for sale. Then we have an object to signify the cars or vehicles used during the driving lessons. Then we have a Calendar for creating, canceling, and modifying appointments. Lastly, we have an object for an appointment itself.

## If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
The most important portion that I would go back to revise would be that of the BRD or Business Requirements Document. The reason I would go back to this is because I had originally created it before I had a better understanding of each of the specific portions and could easily go back to add more detail to make it better understood. I pride myself on having excellent communication skills and like things to be understood and after looking back at the document I realized a few places that could do with revising for this standard I have built.

## How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
The way that I interpreted the user’s needs was by reading the interview transcripts closely and itemizing each request the employees had of the software. They presented several use cases during the interview, and I grouped them all together on a diagram. This diagram is on the system design document and does an excellent job of showing what the customer was looking for in their software. The rest of that document shows how we will accomplish each of those use cases to satisfy the customer. If you are not careful to consider the customer's needs when designing your system you will likely end up with something that does not accomplish what your customer was looking for.

## How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
The best way to approach designing software is to carefully document their needs. From there, creating business requirements and system design documents are a great next step. I would use the same techniques that I learned here in this study and that I used to create those documents. I make sure to try to be as thorough as possible and account for anything that might need to be included in the design. It is important to stay focused on what the customer wants and look for ways you can help improve their workflow.
